Natalie Austin: Hello.
Natalie Austin: I can't hear you. There you go.
iPhone: Okay, my bed and basically I was calling them to make sure that gave me the wrong been lady, the first time.
Natalie Austin: Okay, that's why. Okay. How are you doing,
iPhone: Good. I'm doing good. How you doing,
Natalie Austin: Good. Have you been in treatment before
iPhone: And yeah, I have in the past. I just didn't have insurance, then now going to show us again.
Natalie Austin: Oh, good. Okay, perfect.
Natalie Austin: And what what medicine, were you taking in the past.
iPhone: And the one they prescribed me some boxes before
iPhone: Yeah, okay. So, and the a milligram
iPhone: And okay like
iPhone: I was getting like two a day.
Natalie Austin: Yep. Okay. That's what I'll do for you. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Okay, same thing. The tablets or the strips.
Natalie Austin: Strips strips. Okay, I'll make a note of that here.
Natalie Austin: And what's your pharmacy.
iPhone: Is the is the Kroger
iPhone: Okay and pharmacy.
Natalie Austin: On let me
Address.
Natalie Austin: Okay, look.
iPhone: Let me look up the address I gave it to them, but I'll look it up.
Natalie Austin: Later system is getting out of there. I find it.
Natalie Austin: I want to
Natalie Austin: I want to call it in today when we're done. Okay.
iPhone: Okay, thank you.
Natalie Austin: You're welcome.
iPhone: I got the address if you need it.
Yeah.
iPhone: It's 300 South Hamilton road.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
iPhone: Your hand Ohio 43230
iPhone: The phone number is 614-416-6430
Natalie Austin: Oh, wonderful. Okay, thank you. Well,
Natalie Austin: How long have you been clean. Is it been a long time now.
Natalie Austin: And
iPhone: Like on an on and off. Like, I'm like, I was like, like
iPhone: Recently, and I the past two days. I haven't, I haven't been able to get it in and like I haven't. I've stopped. I stopped. I stopped using for the past two days. So I've been really sick so
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Well, yeah, I'll get it out to you today, since we're hanging up I'll call it. Okay.
iPhone: Okay. Thank you. Appreciate it.
You're welcome.
Natalie Austin: I'm so you have real opiates like opioid till
iPhone: Like like 30
iPhone: And like mainly pills.
Natalie Austin: Was that after an accident.
iPhone: And the first time, like I was just thinking, just to just to have like I was doing it for for the high
iPhone: And then
iPhone: OK, and then and and then I gradually things got worse and worse and worse and worse and pilots can depend on it.
Natalie Austin: Okay jack job. How many years has it been since you started probably
iPhone: Probably 12 years
Natalie Austin: Okay, that's a long time.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, expensive.
iPhone: Very expensive.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: I'm glad you're with us now. Thank you.
iPhone: Thank you, appreciate you guys
iPhone: You guys made the process a lot easier.
Natalie Austin: Good, good, good, good.
Natalie Austin: Okay, I'll go in the past medical history, do you have a past medical history of hypertension, diabetes, anxiety, depression, PTSD.
iPhone: No, none of those things.
Natalie Austin: Okay, just opioid disorder, I guess. So people use okay past surgery.
iPhone: And I've had only like one surgery on my left hand.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Okay um family history or your parents still alive.
iPhone: Yeah, they're both pretty healthy neither one of them have diabetes or high cholesterol, anything like that.
iPhone: Yeah.
Good.
Natalie Austin: Okay, social history, are you married single divorced
iPhone: And have a fiance.
iPhone: Okay, about to get married.
Natalie Austin: Wonderful when
iPhone: Probably like the next couple of months, like I have. That's why I'm doing this to try to make sure that I'm cleaning and and like I've done a box and they helped me a lot.
iPhone: To work with the
iPhone: Bench that want to get off everything
Natalie Austin: will work with you.
iPhone: Thank you.
Natalie Austin: Do you have kids.
iPhone: No kids.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Tobacco
Natalie Austin: Tobacco or alcohol use.
Natalie Austin: Both okay
Natalie Austin: Um, next line allergies.
Natalie Austin: Do you have any allergies anything
iPhone: No, not that I know.
Natalie Austin: And then medications are you taking any medications, besides Suboxone eight milligrams strips.
iPhone: Know,
iPhone: Twice a day. No.
Natalie Austin: Okay, next line review of systems level point system was reviewed any nausea, vomiting, fever, chills, you're actually a little your, you have a little bit of withdrawal symptoms. Correct.
Yeah.
iPhone: Yes, I'm going through all
Natalie Austin: razia. Yep. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Nausea, vomiting, fever, chills, you have all that. Okay.
iPhone: Yeah yeah
Natalie Austin: Any leg cramps.
iPhone: Last night, like many at nighttime.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Next line physical exam. How tall are you,
iPhone: I'm 511
Natalie Austin: Okay, honey. How much do you weigh
Natalie Austin: To 20 okay
Natalie Austin: I'm at AMP T Perla cardiac pulses attack lungs, not labor aspirations adamant on distended extremities no demon
Natalie Austin: You have a score on your left hand.
Natalie Austin: Give us your surgery. Yeah, well, your surgery was okay.
Natalie Austin: You'll get your heels surgical scar. Yeah.
On the
Natalie Austin: Us. When I was a kid. Okay, between the thumb and index finger. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Okay. Looks like it's feeling, though.
Field.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, um,
Natalie Austin: Okay extremities are demons cycle and orient times three pleasant uncooperative okay assessment, a plan one opioid use disorder will resume.
Natalie Austin: People nor from eight milligram strips twice a day.
Natalie Austin: We'll just spend some 28 tablets for 14 days.
Natalie Austin: To begin, counseling.
Natalie Austin: Should be the end of the exam. So yeah, well, we're going to do counseling. We do weekly or every other week. They'll call you set that up. Okay.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: And then I'll give you a two week script and it will see you every couple weeks and then eventually, we'll get you into a month. Okay.
iPhone: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Do you have any other questions for me.
iPhone: Know, and so once you send it in, like, How long after, can I go get it.
Natalie Austin: Um, however long it takes somebody to take some you know 60 minutes or less, less than ours. So what about fill it.
iPhone: Oh, so I can
Natalie Austin: Go get it. So they receive it. Yep.
iPhone: Okay. And then, if not, we'll call you back some happened.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, just call us back. But I'm going to call it, and soon as we hang up like literally right after I hang up.
iPhone: Okay. And another question I had was, like, I've been sick for like the past two days. So do you guys like doctors excuse
Natalie Austin: Well,
Natalie Austin: That's a good question. I have no idea.
iPhone: That I just go to a I just go to if you can go to urgent care of something
iPhone: They got a minute clinic over there and they want to pick on the prescription. I'll go to the minute clinic and try to get excuse
Natalie Austin: Okay, that's okay. If not, you can call back the number you call us and ask them, you know, see what they say.
iPhone: Okay, thank you.
Natalie Austin: You're welcome. Okay.
Natalie Austin: That'll be it, I guess, unless you have any other questions.
iPhone: No, I don't have no other questions. Thank you.
Natalie Austin: Great, okay. You're welcome. We'll see in counseling. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Bye bye.